https://www.w3schools.com/sql/sql_primarykey.ASP




https://replicate.com/tencentarc/gfpgan



Facilitates the Scrum process and ensures adherence to Scrum principles and practices.
Helps the team understand and implement Scrum effectively.
Removes any obstacles or impediments that hinder the team's progress.
Facilitates communication and collaboration among team members and with stakeholders.
Guides the team in self-organization and continuous improvement.


Responsible for defining and prioritizing the product backlog.
Represents the stakeholders and communicates their requirements to the development team.
Makes decisions regarding the product features and ensures the team is working on the most valuable items.
Collaborates with the team to create a shared understanding of the product vision and goals.

Cross-functional team responsible for delivering the product increment at the end of each sprint.
Collaboratively works on the user stories and tasks committed for the sprint.
Estimates the effort required for each item and determines the work that can be accomplished within a sprint.
Self-organizes to determine how the work will be accomplished and takes collective responsibility for delivering the product.



Attendees: Product Owner, Scrum Master, Development Team
When: At the beginning of each sprint
Duration: Typically 2-4 hours for a month-long sprint (timeboxed based on sprint duration)
Recurring: Yes, happens at the start of every sprint
Purpose: To collaboratively define the sprint goal, select user stories from the product backlog for the sprint, and create a plan for how the selected work will be accomplished.





Attendees: Development Team, Scrum Master (optional), Product Owner (optional, as an observer)
When: Daily, usually at the same time and place
Duration: Typically 15 minutes (timeboxed)
Recurring: Yes, happens every day throughout the sprint
Purpose: To synchronize the team's work by sharing progress since the last stand-up, disc
ussing planned work for the day, identifying any impediments, and ensuring align
ment towards achieving the sprint goal.




Attendees: Product Owner, Scrum Master, Development Team, Stakeholders (including customers, users, and management)
When: At the end of each sprint
Duration: Typically 1-2 hours for a month-long sprint (timeboxed based on sprint duration)
Recurring: Yes, happens at the end of every sprint
Purpose: To demonstrate the completed work from 
the sprint, gather feedback from stakeholders, di
scuss any changes to the product backlog, and determine
 the next steps for the product.








Attendees: Product Owner, Scrum Master, Development Team, Stakeholders (including customers, users, and management)
When: At the end of each sprint
Duration: Typically 1-2 hours for a month-long sprint (timeboxed based on sprint duration)
Recurring: Yes, happens at the end of every sprint
Purpose: To demonstrate the completed work from the sprint, gather feedback from stakeholders, discuss any changes to the product backlog, and determine the next steps for the product.














Attendees: Scrum Master, Development Team
When: At the end of each sprint, after the Sprint Review
Duration: Typically 1-2 hours for a month-long sprint (timeboxed based on sprint duration)
Recurring: Yes, happens at the end of every sprint
Purpose: To reflect on the sprint and identify what went well, what could be improved, and actionable items to enhance the team's processes and practices for the upcoming sprints.










































for(int i=4;i<=N;i++)
        {
            long long res1=f1+f2+f3;
            ans.push_back(res);
           
            f1=f2;
            f2=f3;
            f3=f1;
        }